# Lookout

Lookout is an iOS app developed by a member of [5409 Chargers](https://sites.google.com/hdsb.ca/garthwebrobotics/home) that is meant to largely simplify the scouting process with 5409's [ScoutingPASS](https://github.com/FRC5409/ScoutingPASS) scouting data system, a fork of 2451's original PWNAGE Analytical Strategy System.

This app generates the data formats generated by ScoutingPASS in a neat, compact UI. All data generated by Lookout is readable by ScoutingPASS' data input system.

## Building

TODO

## How to use

TODO

## FAQ

**Which FRC seasons are supported?**

The following FRC seasons are supported for scouting data creation and output by Lookout:

- Crescendo (2024)

The below seasons are/will be in development:

- Reefscape (2025)
- TBD (2026)

Please note that Lookout will never support FRC seasons older than Crescendo, as there is no practical use for them.

**Will there be an Android port?**

No. The answer will always be no. This is an app exclusive to iOS and uses SwiftUI's capabilities to achieve its UI/UX. I would also not wish Kotlin on my worst enemy.

**Are scouting sessions heavy on iPhone storage?**

For those of you with very limited iPhone storage left, don't worry. Each scouting session takes up barely any storage, and QR codes are generated on-request.

**Is an internet connection required to use Lookout?**

No! An internet connection is absolutely not required while using Lookout, partly to comply with FRC field wireless rules. However, you may connect to the internet to download match schedules and team numbers for convenience.

**When is this app going to be published to the App Store?**

Hopefully, soon, however it is a low priority. Until I gain access to the Apple Developer Program, anyone wishing to use Lookout must sideload it themself.